feat: Initial GCP module version (MINOR) (#1)
elastiflow/terraform-google-ef-collector: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Description
<!--
Not mandatory, don't copy/paste PR name here if it doest not make sense.
Short/Long description of the PR
-->

# Changes summary
<!--

> Not mandatory, but helpful if PR is big enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not mandatory, but helpful if the PR is big enough.
```

> Summary for the changes done in this PR. Using bullet list is a good idea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summary of the changes done in this PR. Using a bulleted list is a good idea.
```
